Hey, I'm in Destin. Welcome to Smarter every Day. So today we are
preparing for the Iron Bowl. We are at Jordan-Hare Stadium before people come
And we will practice with the Axes. Each party
of Auburn the eagle flies around and touches the field and everyone calls "Eagle Fight", a scene
really awesome, but I'm a fan of Alabama. But it is the same, we will make equipment together
in this academic affair to see what we can learn. Welcome to Smarter Every Day.
[music]
Okay, we're here in the field
Jordan-Hare Stadium with Marianne Hudson, and she is in charge
of the Spirit and the New, and is about to teach us what he does before the game
and during the match. - Correct, we practice with these birds practically every day
here at the stadium. Many people do not realize that we spend a lot of time at Jordan-Hare Stadium,
so birds are used to eating them here. This is where they spend breakfast
virtually every morning. So one day of party we bring the birds here out,
The only difference is that there are 87,000 people looking at us, though
For birds it is nothing more than routine. (Destin) OK, then for the Iron Bowl this is the dinner plate?
- Correct. What the bird knows is that every time he touches this bait they give him food.
On the other side, he says the date and the competitors,
and when the bird touches this bait, he gets some food.
(Destin) So where do we put it? You put it out there and ... just drag it on? - Correct. What we do is:
The bird looks for us, and knows that between me and my colleague Roy
One will have this in his hands, and when he plays he will have prize food, so
He is looking for us, and he is waiting for this to happen, and we often try to let him fall
about 50, because that is our tradition.
[music]
Okay, one question I've always had is
What happens if the eagle suddenly decides to leave the stadium? I mean, could it happen, right? They are
Animals often go to yours. Well, people here at Alburn University
they have thought What do we have here, then? - Every time we fly any of ours
Birds, be it the smallest owl or the bigger eagle, we put them
a telemetry unit. It is a tracking device. We have a receiver
that reads the signal of the transmitter when it is on. (Destin) What's in here?
(Destin) Is that so eh? - And we have a piece to attach the stuck transmitter
always in the tail of the eagle. (Man) There is the mount of the tail.
Small clips ... there.
Insured, it is safe to fly. (Destiny) And does the bird realize that the transmitter has the device?
Nop. It is very light. He does not know he's there. It does not interfere
In case I try to escape, I would not get tangled anywhere.
(Destin) In fact, it is also on the rebound, so in this position it does not drag it too aerodynamically.
Correct, so it combines well with everything else, with its general aerodynamic shape
and it does not hinder it at all.
So now you know how to trace your home eagle.
Okay, I'm here with Clay. We are at Jordan-Hare Stadium before the game. You can
See how they paint the lines for the Iron Bowl. Look
They are not the only ones to prepare for the Iron Bowl. Aah, the bird ...
The eagle has blurred me.
He has blurred me several times because I'm going
Crimson and he does not like it. Roda Marea. (shout of Alabama)
- Eagle Fight. Whatever.
I really believe that if you ask me, legitimately
The tiger is our pet, but now obviously
We have the golden eagle, which you know
brings our team to victory, it's our shout. (Destin) I will be sincere with you,
It does not make sense for me to go around the world with an eagle with a tiger above it.
It does not make sense, nano.
It's aaah, it worked all season last [laughter]
American Pigarg below the legs.
We tried to investigate how to get an elephant to fly over the stadium before the games, but we could not get
the reactors ... throw operation in dumbo yes ...
We did not get that in Bear Byant to find out for us.
Does my hijop finish blowing?
Yes, you've come to talk about Alabama ... in your stadium.
I wear crimson clothes.
[Transcribed by Andrew Jackson: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.